Change BCS description w.r.t to IVA and add new flag in xml to indicate requirement on intermediate input smoothness (#1047)
modelica/fmi-standard: docs/4_3_basic_co-simulation_schema.adoc

_[If set to `true`, a Co-Simulation FMU supports ending <<fmi3DoStep>> before the planned next communication point._
_This can be used by the simulation master to avoid unnecessary computations and roll backs of the FMU due to external events known by the simulation master.]_

|<<recommendedIntermediateInputSmoothness>>

> |A value of latexmath:[k] with latexmath:[k>0] signals to the master, that it is beneficial for the solver to receive intermediate inputs that are k-time continuously differentiable (latexmath:[C^k]) on the current communication interval. latexmath:[k=0] means "smooth" on the current communication interval, latexmath:[k=1000] can be used to signal the requirement (latexmath:[C^\infty]) and latexmath:[k=-1] decodes that there are no smoothness requirement on the inputs. +

Author: ```suggestion
|A value of latexmath:[k] with latexmath:[k>0] signals to the master, that it is beneficial for the solver to receive intermediate inputs that are k-time continuously differentiable (latexmath:[C^k]) on the current communication interval. latexmath:[k=0] means continuous.
```
